Expand the GSoD landing and project description (#134)
keptn/community: mentorship/gsod/README.md

Season of Docs provides support for open source projects to improve their documentation and gives professional technical writers an opportunity to gain experience in open source.

## GSoD 2022

- [2022 Projects](./2022/project-ideas.md)
- [Google Season of Docs website](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs)
- [GSoD Timeline](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/timeline)

## Interested?

We are looking for technical writers and mentors
interested in contributing to the project's documentation.

1. Join the `#keptn-docs` channel on [Keptn Slack](https://keptn.sh/community/#slack).
   Introduce yourself there.   
2. Explore the suggested project,
   discuss it with the community and potential mentors.
3. Try contributing to the project's documentation.
   You can find the contributing guidelines and newcomer friendly issues
   [here](https://keptn.sh/community/contributing/#contributing-to-keptn-documentation).
4. Work with the community on scoping the project and preparing the project plan.

> ## Other documentation
> 
> - [GSoD 2020 application](https://docs.google.com/document/d/154zrnkUdUhyWyDB-Gs123JvbiYPb-zQDLaV2Oe0PC8A/edit?usp=sharing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How does GSoD work in Keptn?

During the organization application phase,
we define the top-level framework about the GSoD framework in the Keptn organization.
See [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/154zrnkUdUhyWyDB-Gs123JvbiYPb-zQDLaV2Oe0PC8A/edit#heading=h.pk727mf7rc6y) for the details
we submitted to Google during the application.
Feel free to ask on the `#keptn-docs` Slack channel if you have any questions.
```
